Update Setup.py and Installation Documentation (#29)
C2SM/iconarray: README.md

> The iconarray python package contains various modules to facilitate working with ICON data with xarray or other xarray based tools (such as psyplot - a plotting package). iconarray was developed together with [icon-vis](https://github.com/C2SM/icon-vis).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The iconarray python package contains various modules to facilitate working with ICON data with xarray or other xarray based tools (such as psyplot - a plotting package). The package was developed together with [icon-vis](https://github.com/C2SM/icon-vis).
```

### Table of contents
1. [Introduction](#introduction)

> 2. [Installation/Usage](#installation)

Reviewer: Why do we use a different title for the table of contents than for the actual title?

Author: Good point. Changed both to Installation and Setup, since the setup-conda-env script is not installation, but setup.

3. [Modules](#modules)
4. [Formatoptions](#formatoptions)
5. [Contacts](#contacts)

## Installation

> Iconarray and the packages it depends on are installable with conda. Some of these dependencies, eg eccodes and cartopy are not easily installable with pip, but easily installable with conda. If you are using iconarray in your own conda environment, you should add the packages in [env/environment.yml](env/environment.yml) to your environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Iconarray and the packages it depends on are installable with conda. Some of these dependencies, e.g. eccodes and cartopy are not easily installable with pip, but easily installable with conda. If you are using iconarray in your own conda environment, you should add the packages in [env/environment.yml](env/environment.yml) to your environment.
```

> Iconarray and the packages it depends on are installable with conda. Some of these dependencies, eg eccodes and cartopy are not easily installable with pip, but easily installable with conda. If you are using iconarray in your own conda environment, you should add the packages in [env/environment.yml](env/environment.yml) to your environment.

Reviewer: What about:
"...you should add the packages to your environment file as in [env/environment.yml](env/environment.yml)."
as it is already in there, so it doesn't really make sense to tell the user to add it there?

Author: What I mean here is if someone wants to pip install iconarray into their conda environment that was not created with env/environment.yml, then they should add the packages within env/environment/yml to their environment, such that they also have the dependencies. But your wording is perhaps clearer so will change to that.

Reviewer: Yes I think I got this but the link to the environment which already contains it is then somewhat confusing, so it could be used as an example instead.

> Create a conda environment (eg. called iconarray) and install requirements:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a conda environment (e.g. called iconarray) and install requirements:
```

```
conda env create -n iconarray -f env/environment.yml
```
Activate environment:
```
conda activate iconarray
```
#### ICON GRIB Definitions:

> If you are using the conda setup and want to use GRIB data, you will need to set the `GRIB_DEFINITION_PATH`. This can be done on Tsa/Daint (CSCS) by sourcing the script setup-conda-env.sh. It only needs to be run a single time, as it will save the `GRIB_DEFINITION_PATH` environment variable to the conda environment. You will need to deactivate and reactivate the conda environment after doing this. You can check it has been correctly set by `conda env config vars list`. This script also sets the Fieldextra path, which is used for data interpolation.

Reviewer: Is there any link or better explanation what the Fieldextra path is?

Author: Syned with the fieldextra description which I also just added to other PR in the github pages docs. Let me know if you think this is enough of a description.

Reviewer: Yes sounds good!

```
source env/setup-conda-env.sh
```
## Modules

> There are a number of [modules](/iconarray) which are part of the `iconarray` package (installed by conda (see [env/environment.yml](env/environment.yml)), which you can import like a normal python package into your scripts. To work with the modules from iconarray, you can add this code block to the start of your script / notebook. You will see many examples of the modules being used within the scripts in this repo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are a number of [modules](/iconarray) which are part of the `iconarray` package (installed by conda using [env/environment.yml](env/environment.yml)), which you can import like a normal python package into your scripts. To work with the modules from iconarray, you can add this code block to the start of your script / notebook. You will see many examples of the modules being used within the scripts in this repo.
```

> Descriptions of the formatoption modules and data modules can be found in [Example Data](#example-data) and [Formatoptions](#formatoptions) sections.

Reviewer: Link to example-data is broken as well as almost all links in the Formatoptions section.

Author: Fixed links and Remove unneeded sentence about example data and formatoptions
